fix(android): move responsibility for setting keyboard height preference into `applyKeyboardHeight()` (#13578)
keymanapp/keyman: android/docs/engine/KMManager/getKeyboardHeight.md

``` javascript
KMManager.getKeyboardHeight(Context context)
```
or
``` javascript
KMManager.getKeyboardHeight(Context context, int orientation)
```

### Parameters

`context`
:   The context.

`orientation` _(Optional)_

> : Accepts a [screen orientation](https://developer.android.com/training/multiscreen/screensizes#TaskUseOriQuali) value. This is most useful if you want to get the size of the keyboard in the other (non-current) orientation. If `orientation` is not defined, keyboard height is returned for the current device orientation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Accepts a [screen orientation](https://developer.android.com/training/multiscreen/screensizes#TaskUseOriQuali) value. This is most useful if you want to get the size of the keyboard in the other (non-current) orientation. If `orientation` parameter is not passed in, keyboard height is returned for the current device orientation.
```
